Make a calculator:
Functions:
    It is going to have: addition, subtraction, multiplication, division.
    It will be able to handle decimal numbers
    It will accept multiple operations in a row eg. 12 + 7 - 5 * 3
    It will accept to operate based on the answer, for example 5+2 = 7 +3 =10.
    It will have a clear button
    It will have a delete button
    It will accept negative numbers
    If you press an operator that you didn't want to you can change it pressing another operator, but you can't put two operators in a row.
    It will only accept one dot
    It will show the current operation in small above the result. the result in big

    Example: 89*6 operation: when we write that at first the calculator has a 0.
    Then you press 89 and the calculator shows 89 in big.
    Then you press * and the calculator shows 89* in little above and 89 in big under.

    Then you press 6 and above it shows 89* above and 6 under.

    Finally you press = and it shows the result in big and 89*6= in small

    Now if you press some operator instead of = it should return the result of the remaining operation in big and in small the result and the operator e.g. result +

    Pressing = before entering all of the numbers or an operator could cause problems!

    Pressing “clear” should wipe out any existing data.. make sure the user is really starting fresh after pressing “clear”

    Display a snarky error message if the user tries to divide by 0… and don’t let it crash your calculator!




Logic:

Display:
    I have the functions to operate.

    Add event listeners to all numbers. 

    When one is pressed, clear the 0 in the div,store the value in a variable and print it in the results div

    When you press an operator put the actual number space and the operator in the top div

    Then when you press a number after pressing the operator clear the lower div and put the new number

    Then when you press the equal sign just print 'number op number =' and the result under it.

    Don't activate the = button until there is an operator, a number and another operator

    For this last line i could do kind of conditional cascade. When you press the operator it doesn't exit the loop until you press another number, once that happens everything works normal



Operate:
When to operate: equal pressed, operator is pressed for second time
Variables: 
    Solution: Solution of the operation
    SolutionValue: Value of the divSolution last time it was modified
    OperationValue: Value of the divOperation last time it was modified

A good example: https://michalosman.github.io/calculator/